Add `messages` and `maxTurns` documentation (#54)
genkit-ai/docsite: src/content/docs/docs/models.mdx

});
```

### Multi-turn conversations with messages

For multi-turn conversations, you can use the `messages` parameter instead of `prompt` to provide a conversation history. This is particularly useful when you need to maintain context across multiple interactions with the model.

> The `messages` parameter accepts an array of message objects, where each message has a `role` (either `'user'` or `'model'`) and `content`:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `messages` parameter accepts an array of message objects, where each message has a `role` (one of `'system'`, `'user'`, `'model'`, or `'tool'`) and `content`:
```
